field,Author,Source,Quote
Literary Peace,Albert Camus,The Stranger,"Since we're all going to die, it's obvious that when and how don't matter."
Literary Peace,Albert Camus,A Happy Death,"Believe me there is no such thing as great suffering, great regret, great memory....everything is forgotten, even a great love. That's what's sad about life."
Literary Peace,Albert Camus,various writings,"Come to terms with death. Thereafter anything is possible."
Literary Peace,Jean-Paul Sartre,Nausea,"Every existing thing is born without reason, prolongs itself out of weakness and dies by chance."
Literary Peace,Jean-Paul Sartre,various writings,"I think of death only with tranquility, as an end. I refuse to let death hamper life. Death must enter life only to define it."
Literary Peace,Simone de Beauvoir,various writings,"One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman... [and in facing mortality] we must accept the ambiguity of existence."
Literary Peace,Marguerite Duras,The Lover,"Death is acceptable only if one has lived fully."
Literary Peace,Haruki Murakami,Norwegian Wood,"Death exists, not as the opposite of life, but as a part of it."
Literary Peace,Haruki Murakami,Kafka on the Shore,"And once the storm is over you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure, in fact, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm you won’t be the same person who walked in."
Literary Peace,Yasunari Kawabata,House of the Sleeping Beauties,"Time flows in the same way for all human beings; every human being flows through time in a different way."
Literary Peace,Yasunari Kawabata,Beauty and Sadness,"I wonder what the retirement age is in the novel business. The day you die."
Literary Peace,Kenzaburō Ōe,A Personal Matter,"Death is not the end; it is a transformation we must accept."
Literary Peace,Kobo Abe,The Woman in the Dunes,"Suicide is an escape from life. What is life? An escape from death. This means that each of us must die twice."
Literary Peace,Mikhail Bulgakov,The Master and Margarita,"Yes, man is mortal, but that would be only half the trouble. The worst of it is that he's sometimes unexpectedly mortal—there's the trick!"
Literary Peace,Leo Tolstoy,The Death of Ivan Ilyich,"He searched for his accustomed fear of death and could not find it... Death is finished. It is no more!"
Literary Peace,Fyodor Dostoevsky,The Brothers Karamazov,"God is the pain of the fear of death. Whoever conquers pain and fear will himself become God."
Literary Peace,Franz Kafka,(influence on modern Russian/French lit via existentialism),"The meaning of life is that it stops."
Literary Peace,Vladimir Nabokov,Pale Fire,"Life is a great surprise. I do not see why death should not be an even greater one."
Literary Peace,Boris Pasternak,Doctor Zhivago,"What is history? Its beginning is that of the centuries of systematic work devoted to the solution of the enigma of death, so that death itself may eventually be overcome."
Literary Peace,Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn,The Gulag Archipelago,"The line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being... and death reveals it."
Literary Peace,Victor Pelevin,The Sacred Book of the Werewolf,"You only need to get out of sh*t once, then you can forget all about it. But to realize why you are stuck in it you need an entire life."
Literary Peace,Lyudmila Ulitskaya,Daniel Stein, Interpreter,"Only someone with inner freedom can laugh at himself, and allow others to laugh at him... even in the face of mortality."
Literary Peace,Yoko Ogawa,The Memory Police,"When something is lost, the memory of it fades, and death becomes ordinary acceptance."
Literary Peace,Banana Yoshimoto,Kitchen,"No matter how much time passes, no matter what takes place in the interim, there are some things we can never assign to oblivion, memories we can never rub away."
Literary Peace,Albert Camus,The Myth of Sisyphus,"There is but one truly serious philosophical problem, and that is suicide. Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy."
Literary Peace,Jean-Paul Sartre,Being and Nothingness,"Death is a boundary that defines our freedom; we must live toward it authentically."
Literary Peace,Haruki Murakami,1Q84,"If you can love someone with your whole heart, even one person, then there's salvation in life. Even if you can't get together with that person."
Literary Peace,Kenzaburō Ōe,The Silent Cry,"Awakening in a predawn darkness, I grope among the anguished remnants of dreams... in search of some ardent sense of expectation [amid death]."
Literary Peace,Yasunari Kawabata,Snow Country,"Among those who give thoughts to things, is there one who does not think of suicide?"
Literary Peace,Marguerite Duras,Hiroshima Mon Amour,"You have to accept the inevitability of forgetting, even the forgetting of love and death."
Literary Peace,Fyodor Dostoevsky,Notes from Underground,"Man grows used to everything, the scoundrel; but in the depths of his soul he is always aware of his own vileness... and death awaits."
Literary Peace,Leo Tolstoy,War and Peace,"In spite of death, he felt the need of life and love."
Literary Peace,Albert Camus,The Plague,"What's true of all the evils in the world is true of plague as well... It helps men to rise above themselves."
Literary Peace,Kobo Abe,The Box Man,"To live is to accept the shadow of death that follows every step."
Literary Peace,Haruki Murakami,The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle,"Death is not the end of the world; it's just another way of seeing."
Literary Peace,Simone de Beauvoir,The Ethics of Ambiguity,"Freedom is the acceptance of our finitude and the project toward others beyond death."
Literary Peace,Yoko Ogawa,Hotel Iris,"The body remembers pain and loss long after the mind tries to forget death."
Literary Peace,Banana Yoshimoto,NP,"We all carry death within us; it's what makes life precious."
Literary Peace,Vladimir Nabokov,Lolita,"The pages are still blank, but there is a miraculous feeling of the words being there, written in invisible ink and clamoring to become visible... until death claims them."
Literary Peace,Mikhail Bulgakov,Heart of a Dog,"Man is mortal, but his works endure beyond the grave."
Literary Peace,Kenzaburō Ōe,Hiroshima Notes,"We must face the atomic shadow of death to affirm life."
Literary Peace,Jean-Paul Sartre,No Exit,"Hell is other people... but death is the ultimate solitude we must embrace."
Literary Peace,Albert Camus,The Fall,"Don't wait for the Last Judgment. It takes place every day."
Literary Peace,Haruki Murakami,Sputnik Sweetheart,"People come and go, but memory lingers, defying death."
Literary Peace,Yasunari Kawabata,Palm-of-the-Hand Stories,"The beauty of transience is in accepting the fleeting nature of all things toward death."
Literary Peace,Lyudmila Ulitskaya,The Funeral Party,"Death unites what life divides; acceptance comes in shared mourning."
Literary Peace,Fyodor Dostoevsky,The Idiot,"Beauty will save the world... even from the terror of mortality."
Literary Peace,Victor Pelevin,Generation P,"Reality is an illusion, death the only certainty we can mock."
Literary Peace,Kobo Abe,The Face of Another,"Identity dissolves in the face of death; we become no one."
Literary Peace,Simone de Beauvoir,The Second Sex,"One is not born mortal; one becomes aware of it through existence."
Literary Peace,Marguerite Duras,The Ravishing of Lol Stein,"Love and death are intertwined; to accept one is to accept the other."
Literary Peace,Yoko Ogawa,The Diving Pool,"Silence after loss is the quiet acceptance of mortality's embrace."