Peace Type,Author,Source,Passage
Existentialist Peace,Friedrich Nietzsche,Thus Spoke Zarathustra,"Dead are all the Gods: now do we desire the overman to live."
Existentialist Peace,Friedrich Nietzsche,The Gay Science 341,"The question in each and every thing, 'Do you desire this once more and innumerable times more?' would lie upon your actions as the greatest weight."
Existentialist Peace,Friedrich Nietzsche,Twilight of the Idols,"He who has a why to live for can bear almost any how."
Existentialist Peace,Friedrich Nietzsche,The Gay Science 276,"I want to learn more and more to see as beautiful what is necessary in things; then I shall be one of those who make things beautiful. Amor fati: let that be my love henceforth!"
Existentialist Peace,Søren Kierkegaard,The Sickness Unto Death,"If I were to wish for anything, I should not wish for wealth but for the passionate expectation of the possible."
Existentialist Peace,Søren Kierkegaard,Journals,"Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards."
Existentialist Peace,Jean-Paul Sartre,Existentialism is a Humanism,"Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does."
Existentialist Peace,Jean-Paul Sartre,Being and Nothingness,"It is therefore senseless to think of complaining since nothing foreign has decided what we feel, what we live, or what we are."
Existentialist Peace,Jean-Paul Sartre,The Flies,"Human life begins on the far side of despair."
Existentialist Peace,Albert Camus,The Myth of Sisyphus,"The struggle itself toward the heights is enough to fill a man's heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy."
Existentialist Peace,Albert Camus,The Stranger,"I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world."
Existentialist Peace,Albert Camus,Notebooks,"In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer."
Existentialist Peace,Albert Camus,The Plague,"The only way to fight the plague is with common decency."
Existentialist Peace,Simone de Beauvoir,The Ethics of Ambiguity,"The point is not to live in the possibility of being, but in the actuality of being."
Existentialist Peace,Simone de Beauvoir,All Men Are Mortal,"If you live long enough, you'll see that every victory turns into a defeat."
Existentialist Peace,Franz Kafka,The Zürau Aphorisms,"The meaning of life is that it stops."
Existentialist Peace,Franz Kafka,Letters to Milena,"I am constantly trying to communicate something incommunicable, to explain something inexplicable."
Existentialist Peace,Martin Heidegger,Being and Time,"If I take death into my life, acknowledge it, and face it squarely, I will free myself from the anxiety of death and the pettiness of life."
Existentialist Peace,Martin Heidegger,Poetry, Language, Thought,"Mortals dwell in that they save the earth."
Existentialist Peace,Viktor Frankl,Man's Search for Meaning,"Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances."
Existentialist Peace,Viktor Frankl,Man's Search for Meaning,"When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves."
Existentialist Peace,Friedrich Nietzsche,Thus Spoke Zarathustra,"I love him who liveth in order to learn, and seeketh to learn in order that the overman may hereafter live. Thus seeketh he his own down-going."
Existentialist Peace,Albert Camus,The Rebel,"I rebel; therefore we exist."
Existentialist Peace,Jean-Paul Sartre,The Roads to Freedom,"Everything has been figured out, except how to live."
Existentialist Peace,Søren Kierkegaard,Either/Or,"Do it or do not do it—you will regret both."