field,Author,Source,Quote
Literary Peace,John Green,The Fault in Our Stars,"That's part of what I like about the book in some ways. It portrays death truthfully. You die in the middle of your life, in the middle of a sentence."
Literary Peace,Backman Fredrik,A Man Called Ove,"Death is a strange thing. People live their whole lives as if it does not exist, and yet it's often one of the great motivations for living."
Literary Peace,Paul Kalanithi,When Breath Becomes Air,"I began to realize that coming in such close contact with my own mortality had changed both nothing and everything. Before my cancer was diagnosed, I knew that someday I would die, but I didn’t know when. After the diagnosis, I knew that someday I would die, but I didn’t know when. But now I knew it acutely."
Literary Peace,Christopher Hitchens,Mortality,"To the dumb question 'Why me?' the cosmos barely bothers to return the reply: Why not?"
Literary Peace,Sylvia Plath,Lady Lazarus,"Dying / Is an art, like everything else. / I do it exceptionally well."
Literary Peace,Terry Pratchett,Reaper Man,"Don't think of it as dying, said Death. Just think of it as leaving early to avoid the rush."
Literary Peace,Ocean Vuong,On Earth We're Briefly Gorgeous,"I am thinking of beauty again, how some things are so beautiful you can't bear to look at them."
Literary Peace,Atul Gawande,Being Mortal,"Our ultimate goal, after all, is not a good death but a good life to the very end."
Literary Peace,Mitch Albom,Tuesdays with Morrie,"Death ends a life, not a relationship."
Literary Peace,Joan Didion,The Year of Magical Thinking,"Grief turns out to be a place none of us know until we reach it."
Literary Peace,Olga Tokarczuk,Drive Your Plow Over the Bones of the Dead,"One day we shall all be nothing more than corpses."
Literary Peace,Annie Proulx,Brokeback Mountain,"If you can't fix it you've got to stand it."
Literary Peace,David Foster Wallace,Infinite Jest,"The truth will set you free. But not until it is finished with you."
Literary Peace,Zadie Smith,On Beauty,"You don't stop laughing when you grow old, you grow old when you stop laughing."
Literary Peace,Colson Whitehead,The Underground Railroad,"And America too is a delusion, the grandest one of all."
Literary Peace,Ottessa Moshfegh,My Year of Rest and Relaxation,"Sleep is death without the responsibility."
Literary Peace,Sally Rooney,Normal People,"It feels intellectually unserious to concern himself with fictional people marrying each other."
Literary Peace,Kazuo Ishiguro,Klara and the Sun,"I think perhaps we don't understand death until we face it ourselves."
Literary Peace,Emily St. John Mandel,Station Eleven,"What was lost in the collapse: almost everything, almost everyone, but there is still such beauty."
Literary Peace,Viet Thanh Nguyen,The Sympathizer,"We will live again, we will live forever, but first we must die."
Literary Peace,Roz Chast,Can't We Talk About Something More Pleasant?,"Death is the ultimate irony."
Literary Peace,Edwidge Danticat,The Art of Death,"When you’re young, your parents can seem immortal, then they get terminally ill and they remove the possibility of either you or them being immortal."
Literary Peace,Calvin Trillin,About Alice,"Death is too much to ask of the living."
Literary Peace,Mary Oliver,When Death Comes,"When it's over, I don't want to wonder if I have made of my life something particular, and real."
Literary Peace,Brandon Sanderson,Warbreaker,"To lack feeling is to be dead, but to act on every feeling is to be a child."
Literary Peace,Neil Gaiman,The Sandman,"You get what anybody gets - you get a lifetime."
Literary Peace,Ray Bradbury,Something Wicked This Way Comes,"Be careful what you wish for, unless you have the grace to hope that your luck can be shared."
Literary Peace,Haruki Murakami,Kafka on the Shore,"And once the storm is over you won’t remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive."
Literary Peace,George Saunders,Lincoln in the Bardo,"His headstone said: 'This is not the end.'"
Literary Peace,Toni Morrison,Beloved,"You your best thing."
Literary Peace,Philip K. Dick,Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?,"You will be required to do wrong no matter where you go. It is the basic condition of life, to be required to violate your own identity."
Literary Peace,Margaret Atwood,The Handmaid's Tale,"Better never means better for everyone... It always means worse, for some."
Literary Peace,Stephen King,The Stand,"No one can tell what goes on in between the person you were and the person you become. No one can chart that blue and lonely section of hell."
Literary Peace,Alice Munro,Too Much Happiness,"The thing is to be happy,' he said. 'No matter what. Just try that. You can. It gets to be easier and easier. It's just practice.'"
Literary Peace,Don DeLillo,White Noise,"The dead have no consciousness and the living have too much."
Literary Peace,Umberto Eco,The Name of the Rose,"There are four things that do not come back: the spoken word, the sped arrow, time past, and neglected opportunity."
Literary Peace,Italo Calvino,If on a winter's night a traveler,"What makes lovemaking and reading resemble each other most is that within both of them times and spaces open, different from measurable time and space."
Literary Peace,Gabriel García Márquez,One Hundred Years of Solitude,"It's enough for me to be sure that you and I exist at this moment."
Literary Peace,Isabel Allende,The House of the Spirits,"There is no death, daughter. People die only when we forget them."
Literary Peace,Salman Rushdie,Midnight's Children,"To understand just one life, you have to swallow the world."
Literary Peace,Orhan Pamuk,My Name Is Red,"Death is the ultimate boundary of human matters."
Literary Peace,Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie,Half of a Yellow Sun,"You must never behave as if your life belongs to a man."
Literary Peace,Arundhati Roy,The God of Small Things,"The secret of the Great Stories is that they have no secrets. Nothing that was hidden. That was not destined."
Literary Peace,J.M. Coetzee,Disgrace,"Nothing is ever finished until it is forgotten."
Literary Peace,Ian McEwan,Atonement,"How can a novelist achieve atonement when, with her absolute power of deciding outcomes, she is also God?"
Literary Peace,Julian Barnes,The Sense of an Ending,"We live in time - it holds us and moulds us - but I've never felt I understood it very well."
Literary Peace,Hanya Yanagihara,A Little Life,"Why wasn’t friendship as good as a relationship? Why wasn’t it even better?"
Literary Peace,Ben Lerner,10:04,"The future is always unknown, but the past is always changing."
Literary Peace,Rachel Cusk,Outline,"We are always telling a story to ourselves, about ourselves."
Literary Peace,Knausgård Karl Ove,My Struggle,"The only thing I have learned from life is to endure it, never to question it, and to burn up the longing generated by the questioning."