field,Author,Source,Quote
Literary Peace,Haruki Murakami,Norwegian Wood,"Death is not the opposite of life, but a part of it."
Literary Peace,Albert Camus,The Stranger,"Since we're all going to die, it's obvious that when and how don't matter."
Literary Peace,Cormac McCarthy,Suttree,"How surely are the dead beyond death. Death is what the living carry with them. A state of dread, like some uncanny foretaste of a bitter memory. But the dead do not remember and nothingness is not a curse. Far from it."
Literary Peace,Gabriel García Márquez,Love in the Time of Cholera,"I discovered to my joy, that it is life, not death, that has no limits."
Literary Peace,E.M. Forster,Howards End,"Death destroys a man: the idea of Death saves him."
Literary Peace,William Faulkner,As I Lay Dying,"I could just remember how my father used to say that the reason for living was to get ready to stay dead a long time."
Literary Peace,John Steinbeck,East of Eden,"It seems to me that if you or I must choose between two courses of thought or action, we should remember our dying and try so to live that our death brings no pleasure to the world."
Literary Peace,Ernest Hemingway,A Farewell to Arms,"If people bring so much courage to this world the world has to kill them to break them, so of course it kills them. The world breaks every one and afterward many are strong at the broken places. But those that will not break it kills. It kills the very good and the very gentle and the very brave impartially. If you are none of these you can be sure it will kill you too but there will be no special hurry."
Literary Peace,Markus Zusak,The Book Thief,"Humans, if nothing else, have the good sense to die."
Literary Peace,Neil Gaiman,Anansi Boys,"Everybody is going to be dead one day, just give them time."
Literary Peace,Chuck Palahniuk,Fight Club,"On a long enough time line, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero."
Literary Peace,Caitlin Doughty,Smoke Gets in Your Eyes: And Other Lessons from the Crematory,"Accepting death doesn't mean you won't be devastated when someone you love dies. It means you will be able to focus on your grief, unburdened by bigger existential questions like, ""Why do people die?"" and ""Why is this happening to me?"" Death isn't happening to you. Death is happening to us all."
Literary Peace,Paul Kalanithi,When Breath Becomes Air,"Will having a newborn distract from the time we have together?"" she asked. ""Don't you think saying goodbye to your child will make your death more painful?"" ""Wouldn't it be great if it did?"" I said. Lucy and I both felt that life wasn't about avoiding suffering."
Literary Peace,Mitch Albom,Have a Little Faith: a True Story,"The story of my recent life.' I like that phrase. It makes more sense than 'the story of my life', because we get so many lives between birth and death. A life to be a child. A life to come of age. A life to wander, to settle, to fall in love, to parent, to test our promise, to realize our mortality- and in some lucky cases, to do something after that realization."
Literary Peace,Ian McEwan,Black Dogs,"It is photography itself that creates the illusion of innocence. Its ironies of frozen narrative lend to its subjects an apparent unawareness that they will change or die. It is the future they are innocent of. Fifty years on we look at them with the godly knowledge of how they turned out after all - who they married, the date of their death - with no thought for who will one day be holding photographs of us."
Literary Peace,Atul Gawande,Being Mortal: Medicine and What Matters in the End,"Our ultimate goal, after all, is not a good death but a good life to the very end."
Literary Peace,Ayn Rand,The Fountainhead,"I could die for you. But I couldn't, and wouldn't, live for you."
Literary Peace,Tennessee Williams,Cat on a Hot Tin Roof,"Death commences too early--almost before you're half-acquainted with life--you meet the other."
Literary Peace,Jack Kerouac,On the Road,"I realized that I had died and been reborn numberless times but just didn't remember especially because the transitions from life to death and back to life are so ghostly easy, a magical action for naught, like falling asleep and waking up again a million times, the utter casualness and deep ignorance of it."
Literary Peace,Arthur Miller,The Ride Down Mount Morgan,"Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets."
Literary Peace,Boris Pasternak,Doctor Zhivago,"What is history? Its beginning is that of the centuries of systematic work devoted to the solution of the enigma of death, so that death itself may eventually be overcome. That is why people write symphonies, and why they discover mathematical infinity and electromagnetic waves."
Literary Peace,Aravind Adiga,The White Tiger,"The point of your living is that if you die, who's going to pay me three and a half thousand rupees a month?"
Literary Peace,Henry Miller,various writings,"In the attempt to defeat death man has been inevitably obliged to defeat life, for the two are inextricably related. Life moves on to death, and to deny one is to deny the other."
Literary Peace,Franz Kafka,various writings,"The meaning of life is that it stops."
Literary Peace,Jorge Luis Borges,various writings,"Death is just infinity closing in."
Literary Peace,Vladimir Nabokov,various writings,"Life is a great surprise. I do not see why death should not be an even greater one."
Literary Peace,Hermann Hesse,various writings,"The call of death is a call of love. Death can be sweet if we answer it in the affirmative, if we accept it as one of the great eternal forms of life and transformation."
Literary Peace,Kurt Vonnegut,various writings,"No art is possible without a dance with death."
Literary Peace,Wallace Stevens,various writings,"Death is the mother of Beauty; hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires."
Literary Peace,Terry Pratchett,various writings,"No one is actually dead until the ripples they cause in the world die away."
Literary Peace,Yann Martel,Life of Pi,"Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can. But life leaps over oblivion lightly, losing only a thing or two of no importance, and gloom is just a passing shadow of a cloud."
Literary Peace,Anne Lamott,various writings,"Death? Be as proud as you want: bore me later, because Love is sovereign here. Life never ends. Joy comes in the morning. Glory hallelujah. And let it be so."
Literary Peace,Maya Angelou,various writings,"If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die."
Literary Peace,Rick Riordan,The Son of Neptune,"Life is only precious because it ends, kid."
Literary Peace,Cassandra Clare,Clockwork Princess,"No one can say that death found in me a willing comrade, or that I went easily."
Literary Peace,David Levithan,Two Boys Kissing,"We do not start as dust. We do not end as dust. We make more than dust. That's all we ask of you. Make more than dust."
Literary Peace,Thomas Bernhard,Concrete,"Whatever condition we are in, we must always do what we want to do, and if we want to go on a journey, then we must do so and not worry about our condition, even if it's the worst possible condition, because, if it is, we're finished anyway, whether we go on the journey or not, and it's better to die having made the journey we've been longing for than to be stifled by our longing."
Literary Peace,Christopher Hitchens,Hitch-22: A Memoir,"It also makes me quite astonishingly calm at the thought of death: I know whom I would die to protect and I also understand that nobody but a lugubrious serf can possibly wish for a father who never goes away."
Literary Peace,Albert Camus,various writings,"Come to terms with death. Thereafter anything is possible."
Literary Peace,Rainer Maria Rilke,various writings,"Death is our friend precisely because it brings us into absolute and passionate presence with all that is here, that is natural, that is love. Death stands before eternity and says YES."
Literary Peace,Chuck Palahniuk,Fight Club,"You have to give up! You have to give up! You have to realize that someday you will die. Until you know that, you are useless!"
Literary Peace,Philip Pullman,various writings,"You’ll drift apart, it’s true, but you’ll be out in the open, part of everything alive again."
Literary Peace,Hannah Arendt,various writings,"Death not merely ends life, it also bestows upon it a silent completeness, snatched from the hazardous flux to which all things human are subject."
Literary Peace,David Mamet,various writings,"All fears are one fear. Just the fear of death. And we accept it, then we are at peace."
Literary Peace,Oliver Sacks,various writings,"It is the fate—the genetic and neural fate—of every human being to be a unique individual, to find his own path, to live his own life, to die his own death."
Literary Peace,Joan Didion,The Year of Magical Thinking,"We tell ourselves stories in order to live... We look for the sermon in the suicide, for the social or moral lesson in the murder of five. We interpret what we see, select the most workable of the multiple choices. We live entirely, especially if we are writers, by the imposition of a narrative line upon disparate images, by the 'ideas' with which we have learned to freeze the shifting phantasmagoria which is our actual experience."
Literary Peace,John Green,The Fault in Our Stars,"That's part of what I like about the book in some ways. It portrays death truthfully. You die in the middle of your life, in the middle of a sentence."
Literary Peace,Brandon Mull,Fablehaven,"The curse of mortality. You spend the first portion of your life learning, growing stronger, more capable. And then, through no fault of your own, your body begins to fail. You regress. Strong limbs become feeble, keen senses grow dull, hardy constitutions deteriorate. Beauty withers. Organs quit. You remember yourself in your prime, and wonder where that person went. As your wisdom and experience are peaking, your traitorous body becomes a prison."
Literary Peace,Carl Sagan,various writings,"The world is so exquisite with so much love and moral depth, that there is no reason to deceive ourselves with pretty stories for which there's little good evidence. Far better it seems to me, in our vulnerability, is to look death in the eye and to be grateful every day for the brief but magnificent opportunity that life provides."
Literary Peace,Mikhail Bulgakov,The Master and Margarita,"Yes, man is mortal, but that would be only half the trouble. The worst of it is that he's sometimes unexpectedly mortal—there's the trick!"