Peace Type,Author,Source,Passage
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),Psalm 23:4,"Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me."
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),Matthew 6:25,"Therefore I say unto you, Take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raiment?"
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),Matthew 6:27,"Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature?"
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),Matthew 6:34,"Take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself. Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof."
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),John 14:27,"Peace I leave with you, my peace I give unto you: not as the world giveth, give I unto you. Let not your heart be troubled, neither let it be afraid."
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),Philippians 4:6,"Be careful for nothing; but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known unto God."
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),Philippians 4:7,"And the peace of God, which passeth all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus."
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),1 Peter 5:7,"Casting all your care upon him; for he careth for you."
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),Ecclesiastes 3:1,"To every thing there is a season, and a time to every purpose under the heaven:"
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),Ecclesiastes 3:2,"A time to be born, and a time to die; a time to plant, and a time to pluck up that which is planted;"
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),Ecclesiastes 12:7,"Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was: and the spirit shall return unto God who gave it."
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),Isaiah 26:3,"Thou wilt keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee: because he trusteth in thee."
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),Psalm 4:8,"I will both lay me down in peace, and sleep: for thou, Lord, only makest me dwell in safety."
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),Psalm 46:10,"Be still, and know that I am God: I will be exalted among the heathen, I will be exalted in the earth."
Religious Peace,Bible (KJV),2 Timothy 1:7,"For God hath not given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind."