Peace Type,Author,Source,Passage
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 1.1,"All that we are is the result of what we have thought: it is founded on our thoughts, it is made up of our thoughts. If a man speaks or acts with an evil thought, pain follows him, as the wheel follows the foot of the ox that draws the carriage."
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 1.2,"All that we are is the result of what we have thought: it is founded on our thoughts, it is made up of our thoughts. If a man speaks or acts with a pure thought, happiness accompanies him, like a shadow that never leaves him."
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 1.3,"'He abused me, he beat me, he defeated me, he robbed me'—in those who harbour such thoughts hatred will never cease."
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 1.5,"For hatred does not cease by hatred at any time: hatred ceases by love, this is an old rule."
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 2.21,"Earnestness is the path of immortality, thoughtlessness the path of death. Those who are in earnest do not die, those who are thoughtless are as if dead already."
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 6.81,"As a solid rock is not shaken by the wind, wise people falter not amidst blame and praise."
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 6.90,"There is no suffering for him who has finished his journey, and abandoned grief, who has freed himself on all sides, and thrown off all fetters."
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 12.160,"Self is the lord of self, who else could be the lord? With self well subdued, a man finds a lord such as few can find."
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 14.183,"Not to commit any sin, to do good, and to purify one's mind, that is the teaching of all the Awakened."
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 15.197,"Let us live happily then, not hating those who hate us! Let us dwell free from hatred among men who hate!"
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 15.202,"There is no fire like passion; there is no losing throw like hatred; there is no pain like this body; there is no happiness higher than rest."
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 15.204,"Health is the greatest of gifts, contentedness the best riches; trust is the best of relationships, Nirvana the highest happiness."
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 15.205,"He who has tasted the sweetness of solitude and tranquillity, is free from fear and free from sin, while he drinks in the sweetness of drinking in the law."
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 20.277,"'All created things perish'—when one by wisdom perceives this, then he is superior to misery. This is the path to purity."
Religious Peace,The Buddha,Dhammapada 25.368,"The Bhikshu who acts with kindness, who is calm in the doctrine of Buddha, will reach the quiet place (Nirvana), happiness from the cessation of natural inclinations."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 2.14,"The contacts of the senses, O son of Kunti, which give rise to heat and cold, pleasure and pain, they come and go, they are impermanent. Endure them, O Bharata."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 2.19,"He who thinks that the soul is a slayer, and he who thinks that it is slain, both of them are ignorant; for the soul slays not, nor is it slain."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 2.20,"It is never born, nor does it die; after having been, it again ceases not to be. Unborn, eternal, changeless and ancient, it is not killed when the body is killed."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 2.23,"Weapons cut it not, fire burns it not, water wets it not, wind dries it not."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 2.27,"For to the born, death is certain, and to the dead, birth is certain; therefore, over the unavoidable, thou shouldst not grieve."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 2.47,"Thy right is to work only, but never to its fruits; let not the fruit of action be thy motive, nor let thy attachment be to inaction."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 2.48,"Perform action, O Dhananjaya, being fixed in Yoga, abandoning attachment, and remaining even-minded in success and failure; evenness of mind is called Yoga."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 2.56,"He whose mind is untroubled in the midst of sorrows, who is free from eager desire amid pleasures, from whom passion, fear, and anger have passed away, he is called a sage of settled intelligence."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 2.64,"But the self-controlled man, moving among objects with senses under restraint, and free from attraction and repulsion, attains to peace."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 2.70,"He attains peace into whom all desires flow as rivers flow into the ocean, which, filled from all sides, remains unmoved; but not the man who is a desirer of desires."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 2.71,"The man who, abandoning all desires, moves about without attachment, without selfishness and without vanity, he attains to peace."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 4.22,"Content with what comes to him without effort, free from the pairs of opposites and envy, even-minded in success and failure, though acting, he is not bound."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 5.19,"Even here (on earth) the world is conquered by those whose mind rests in equality; for Brahman is spotless and equal; therefore they rest in Brahman."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 6.5,"Let a man lift himself by himself; let him not degrade himself; for the Self alone is the friend of the self, and the Self alone is the enemy of the self."
Religious Peace,Vyasa,Bhagavad Gita 18.61,"The Lord dwells in the hearts of all beings, O Arjuna, causing all beings, by His illusive power, to revolve as if mounted on a machine."