Peace Type,Author,Source,Passage
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 1,"The Tao that can be trodden is not the enduring and unchanging Tao. The name that can be named is not the enduring and unchanging name."
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 2,"The sage manages affairs without doing anything, and conveys his instructions without the use of speech."
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 4,"The Tao is like the emptiness of a vessel; and in our employment of it we must be on our guard against all fulness."
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 7,"The sage puts his own person last, and yet it is found in the foremost place; he treats his person as if it were foreign to him, and yet that person is preserved."
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 8,"The highest excellence is like that of water. The excellence of water appears in its benefiting all things, and in its occupying, without striving, the low place which all men dislike."
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 11,"We make vessels from clay, but it is the emptiness within them that makes the vessels useful. Therefore profit comes from what is there; usefulness from what is not there."
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 12,"The sage provides for the inner self, and not for the external appearance. He puts away the latter, and makes choice of the former."
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 13,"He who receives as a glory the great humiliations which come to him, and who considers the great calamities that befall him as he considers his own body, may be entrusted with the government of the world."
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 16,"Attain to the utmost humility; maintain the state of repose. All things alike go through their processes of activity, and then we see them return to their root."
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 22,"He does not boast of himself, and therefore he is a shining example; he does not glorify himself, and therefore he is allowed to help others."
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 33,"He who overcomes others is strong; he who overcomes himself is mighty. He who is satisfied with his lot is rich."
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 37,"The Tao in its regular course does nothing, for the sake of doing it, and so there is nothing which it does not do."
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 44,"He who is content with what he has will always be joyful. He who knows when to stop will be free from danger."
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 47,"Without going out of doors, one may know the whole world; without looking out of the window, one may see the Way of Heaven."
Religious Peace,Lao Tzu,Tao Te Ching 81,"The sage does not accumulate for himself. The more that he expends for others, the more does possess of his own; the more that he gives to others, the more does he have himself."