Peace Type,Author,Source,Passage
Existentialist Peace,Albert Camus,The Myth of Sisyphus,"Real generosity toward the future lies in giving all to the present."
Existentialist Peace,Albert Camus,The Myth of Sisyphus,"There is no fate that cannot be surmounted by scorn."
Existentialist Peace,Albert Camus,Letters to a German Friend,"I continue to believe that this world has no ultimate meaning. But I know that something in it has a meaning and that is man, because he is the only creature to insist on having one."
Existentialist Peace,Jean-Paul Sartre,No Exit,"Existence precedes essence."
Existentialist Peace,Jean-Paul Sartre,Being and Nothingness,"Man is a useless passion."
Existentialist Peace,Jean-Paul Sartre,Notebooks for an Ethics,"The secret of a man's life is not what he is, but what he is able to do."
Existentialist Peace,Friedrich Nietzsche,Beyond Good and Evil,"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you."
Existentialist Peace,Friedrich Nietzsche,Thus Spoke Zarathustra,"What is great in man is that he is a bridge and not an end."
Existentialist Peace,Friedrich Nietzsche,Ecce Homo,"My formula for greatness in a human being is amor fati: that one wants nothing to be different, not forward, not backward, not in all eternity."
Existentialist Peace,Friedrich Nietzsche,The Will to Power,"Becoming must appear justified at every moment. The present must not under any circumstances be justified by the future, nor the past by the present."
Existentialist Peace,Søren Kierkegaard,Fear and Trembling,"The person who denied himself and sacrificed himself for the duty, he is the one who has peace."
Existentialist Peace,Søren Kierkegaard,The Lilies of the Field,"From the lilies and the birds we should learn silence, for the quiet of the heart is the condition for all true peace."
Existentialist Peace,Søren Kierkegaard,Works of Love,"Love is a matter of conscience, and hence it is not a matter of idle feeling or novelistic whim, but a matter of eternity."
Existentialist Peace,Miguel de Unamuno,The Tragic Sense of Life,"The end of life is to live, and to live is to feel that we are living, even if it be in pain."
Existentialist Peace,Miguel de Unamuno,The Tragic Sense of Life,"Solitude is the producer of the genius, the builder of the hero, the creator of the saint."
Existentialist Peace,Emil Cioran,The Trouble with Being Born,"It is not worth the bother of killing yourself, since you always kill yourself too late."
Existentialist Peace,Emil Cioran,A Short History of Decay,"To exist is a habit I do not despair of acquiring."
Existentialist Peace,Emil Cioran,The Temptation to Exist,"The only thing that can save a man is the knowledge that he is nothing."
Existentialist Peace,Simone de Beauvoir,The Mandarins,"I am too intelligent, too demanding, and too resourceful for anyone to be able to take charge of me entirely. No one knows me or loves me completely. I have only myself."
Existentialist Peace,Simone de Beauvoir,Old Age,"There is only one solution if old age is not to be an absurd parody of our former life, and that is to go on pursuing ends that give our existence a meaning."
Existentialist Peace,Franz Kafka,The Blue Octavo Notebooks,"You are the problem. No scholar to be found far and wide."
Existentialist Peace,Franz Kafka,The Castle,"It's often safer to be in chains than to be free."
Existentialist Peace,Martin Heidegger,Discourse on Thinking,"The let-be-ing of things (Gelassenheit) is the ground of all true peace."
Existentialist Peace,Karl Jaspers,Way to Wisdom,"To learn to live and to learn how to die are one and the same thing."
Existentialist Peace,Viktor Frankl,The Will to Meaning,"The point is not what we expect from life, but rather what life expects from us."